in the France we've got six-time
national and let the champion Emma's
esten down at home going into uncharted
waters rumor has it there could be pike
in here and turtles
maybe even the occasional turtle
how does it feel learn after crossing
the Atlantic lui fatto Emma how do you
feel after 12 hours continuous pedaling
they've got a little weed it up lily
pads it seemed to cause some trouble
holy little each other and that dog is
not too thrilled with the whole
situation do some gondola yeah this is
what I learnt back the old streets in
there I used to drive what happened to
the accent footage file links perfect
coordination style and grace the caliber
those legs go look at the boat speed
there that must be at least 4 knots why
it's not since the Barcelona Olympics of
82 that we've seen this kind of fierce
competition on Charleston lake okay here
we are in Charleston Lake having the
women's
800-meter freestyle swimming competition
somebody's going to lead planet who it
is
two more for the back and consume
commotion no no I think it Clara and
Melanie and it must be Alicia first and
looks like we have one retiree Emma in
the official zodiac problem solved he
has to do our own jump the principle
with me there are constantly trying out
a new water apparatus doesn't seem to be
floating quite so well there it is
dressy clothes
to buy sex later them technique a little
in the motor on the back oh let me just
flip the riding a little low look
craziness up the cottage ok ok let's see
everyone do a big pain can dance what on
there it goes regards the four girls
toothbrush routine including retainers
I'm brash multi damn Big Daddy V G do
you guys normally sing when you brush
your teeth yep yeah yeah yeah that's
yeah let's hear it let's hear the song
the toothbrush son I already cream i do
such a tease oh gosh 40 brush our teeth
we like to brush our teeth yeah that's
it our balloon and everything